README.md, before:

Warhammer 40,000
================

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/BSData/wh40k](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/BSData/wh40k?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

__Notice__: _However we don't support the 6th Edition, all the files in their last revisions for 6th are available [here](https://github.com/BSData/wh40k/releases/tag/v3.1.4). Downloading .bsr file (green button) and importing it in BattleScribe_ __won't__ _mess with 7th ed files._

####Contents####

* [Overview][]
* [Reporting bugs & contact us][]
* [Links][]


[Overview]: #overview
[Reporting bugs & contact us]: #reporting-bugs--contact-us
[Links]: #links


##Overview##

* __What's this?__
* _BSData organisation created this project. It's GitHub repository of datafiles. Maintained by community, in no way endorsed by BattleScribe. If you want to develop - cool! We need you! Take a look at [Getting Started wiki][]_

* __Okay, nice project. Is it actually working?__ _I just want those files..._
* _Yeah! We have it hosted on AppSpot. Take a look: [BattleScribe Data on Appspot][]_


##Reporting bugs & contact us##

* __I found a bug!__
* _Great, thank you! Now you have two options:_

  1. [Report it on Appspot][] - it's anonymous and no account is needed - on downside, you will need to manually check the progress of your issue.
  2. [Open Issue directly][] (green ```New Issue``` in upper-right)- you need GitHub account and then can track progress (get notifications on it!), comment (ie answer our questions) and help us better!

* __I'd just like to contact you.__
* _Cool, the easiest way is through issues mentioned above. We are a community and that's the only place we all have access to. We don't have any group e-mail. So if you want to stay anonymous, contact us by_ reporting bug _on Appspot (point 1 above)._

[Report it on Appspot]: http://battlescribedata.appspot.com/#/repo/wh40k
[Open Issue directly]: https://github.com/BSData/wh40k/issues

##Links##

* [BattleScribe homepage][]
* [BattleScribe Data on Appspot][]
* [Getting Started wiki][]


[BattleScribe homepage]: http://www.battlescribe.net/
[BattleScribe Data on Appspot]: http://battlescribedata.appspot.com/#/repos
[Getting Started wiki]: https://github.com/BSData/bsdata/wiki/Home#getting-started

Commit message:

README: Include link to BS1.15 datafiles download

README.md, after:

Warhammer 40,000
================

##Important

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/BSData/wh40k](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/BSData/wh40k?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

__BattleScribe v1.15 users Notice__: _However we don't support BattleScribe v1.15 any longer, all the files in their last revisions for that BattleScribe are available [here](https://github.com/BSData/wh40k/releases/tag/v4.18.7). Downloading .bsr file (one of the Downloads) and importing it in BattleScribe v1.15 will allow you to use these no-longer-maintained datafiles.

__6th ed users Notice__: _However we don't support the 6th Edition, all the files in their last revisions for 6th are available [here](https://github.com/BSData/wh40k/releases/tag/v3.1.4). Downloading .bsr file (green button) and importing it in BattleScribe_ __won't__ _mess with 7th ed files._

####Contents####

* [Important][]
* [Overview][]
* [Reporting bugs & contact us][]
* [Links][]

[Important]: #important
[Overview]: #overview
[Reporting bugs & contact us]: #reporting-bugs--contact-us
[Links]: #links


##Overview##

* __What's this?__
* _BSData organisation created this project. It's GitHub repository of datafiles. Maintained by community, in no way endorsed by BattleScribe. If you want to develop - cool! We need you! Take a look at [Getting Started wiki][]_

* __Okay, nice project. Is it actually working?__ _I just want those files..._
* _Yeah! We have it hosted on AppSpot. Take a look: [BattleScribe Data on Appspot][]_


##Reporting bugs & contact us##

* __I found a bug!__
* _Great, thank you! Now you have two options:_

  1. [Report it on Appspot][] - it's anonymous and no account is needed - on downside, you will need to manually check the progress of your issue.
  2. [Open Issue directly][] (green ```New Issue``` in upper-right)- you need GitHub account and then can track progress (get notifications on it!), comment (ie answer our questions) and help us better!

* __I'd just like to contact you.__
* _Cool, the easiest way is through issues mentioned above. We are a community and that's the only place we all have access to. We don't have any group e-mail. So if you want to stay anonymous, contact us by_ reporting bug _on Appspot (point 1 above)._

[Report it on Appspot]: http://battlescribedata.appspot.com/#/repo/wh40k
[Open Issue directly]: https://github.com/BSData/wh40k/issues

##Links##

* [BattleScribe homepage][]
* [BattleScribe Data on Appspot][]
* [Getting Started wiki][]


[BattleScribe homepage]: http://www.battlescribe.net/
[BattleScribe Data on Appspot]: http://battlescribedata.appspot.com/#/repos
[Getting Started wiki]: https://github.com/BSData/bsdata/wiki/Home#getting-started
